At the beginning of this training, I promised that by the end of it,
you would understand how Git really works.
Congratulations!
Now you do.
To get here, we started right from the core of Git,
a simple map of hashes to objects, then we looked into those objects,
and we got to the point where we could see Git as a stupid content
tracker that tracks changes to your files and directories.
From there, we moved on to the revision control features of Git.
We talked about branches, and merges, and rebases.
And finally,
we looked at the distribution‑related features of Git that are probably
the main reason why you use Git in the first place.
And there it is, the whole Onion.
We wrapped our heads around the entire thing.
This is all you need to go on exploring Git on your own.
Sure, if you are planning to use Git a lot,
and then there are still plenty of things that you might want
to learn about, more advanced features, dozens of command‑line options,
okay, actually hundreds of command‑line options.
But now that you understand the fundamentals,
you can confidently keep learning without fear of getting confused.
And if you liked this training, you might want to do two things,
first, rate this training on Pluralsight,
and if you have a minute, even leave me a comment here with feedback.
I love ratings, and I love feedback.
And also,
you can move on to this other training that I published here on Pluralsight.
It's called Mastering Git,
and it goes a few steps further than describing the Git Onion.
In a sense, it tells you how to cook the onion.
It explains the more sophisticated commands and techniques that you will
want to know when you're using Git in your daily job.
That was it. Thanks a lot for watching this training and have fun on your way to Git mastery.